# External test procedure

Please send us one email consisting of an "OK" or "Not OK" for each of the 
following steps.  If a step appears to be "Not OK", a brief explanation of 
the problem you witnessed would be appreciated.  Please send your email to 
both Adam Duracz (adam@duracz.net) and Walid Taha (maroneal@gmail.com).

0. Download and unzip the particular Acumen distribution provided to you.
1. Start Acumen by double-clicking the jar file in the extracted folder.
2. Part 1 of test
    1. Click File > Open.
    2. Browse to "examples/01_CPS_Course/01_Introduction/02_Dynamics/09_Sine_self_as_Second_Derivative.acm" and click Open.
	3. Ensure that the Traditional semantics is selected by going to the 
	   menu and selecting Semantics > Traditional -> 2014 Reference
	4. Run the simulation by clicking the play button ( > ) below the code editor.
	5. Check that the plot looks right. There should be three plots, all 
	   displaying various kids of wave forms.
3. Part 2 of test
	1. Click File > Open.
    2. Select "examples/01_CPS_Course/01_Introduction/03_Animation/02_angles in pi.acm" 
       and click Open.
	3. Run the simulation by clicking the play button ( > ) below the code editor.
	4. Wait until the simulation is done. You should be able to follow the 
	   progress of the simulation from the progress bar underneath the editing area.
	5. Once simulation is done, animation should start automatically.
    6. Wait until the animation is done.
    7. Test that fast replay works by clicking on the fast forwarding button. 
       This can be done by clicking the fast forward button ( >> ) below the 
       _3D view until the speed indicator says "Speed:4.0x" and then clicking 
       the play button ( > ) below the _3D view. Note that you may need to make 
       the Acumen window wider in order to see the fast forward button.

Thank you very much for helping us test this release!